Propagate warnings to all workers in joblib (#30380)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.utils/30380.enhancement.rst

> - Filter warnings from the main process are propagated to joblib workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Warning filters from the main process are propagated to joblib workers.
```
